Pranay


Overwatch is the best game because they release a ton of updates, the quality is really good, and everyone who tries it likes it. 
    The first reason why Overwatch is the best game is they release so many updates. The first example of an update is Blizzard World. Blizzard just recently released a new map called Blizzard World. This is one of the best maps ever and every time they release a new map it impresses everyone. The next reason is Château Guillard. This is a very important map to the story of this game. It is where one of the heroes lives, Widowmaker, and the map is very intricate and high quality. The next reason is Moria. This is a hero that is popular and it impressed everyone! She uses magic to attack and support and is very fun to play as. That proves how good the updates are, and this leads me right into my next point, quality!
    My second reason for why Overwatch is the best game is the quality is really good. One example is that the heroes! All the heroes in this game have so many skins and different models and so much story it is crazy! The amount of time that has gone into this stuff makes it feel really good to use. The next example are the maps. All the maps in this game go down to details like handprints on desks and stuff like that. Also for one map (junkertown), they hired a voice actor just to make it that much better. The final example is the gameplay/physics these physics are very realistic for what they are supposed to be! They are supposed to be cartoony. And all the different mechanics that you can learn to master in this game makes you wonder how long it took to make. Overwatch is a really high-quality game and everyone is impressed by blizzard. 
    My third reason for why Overwatch is the best game is everyone that tries it likes it! My first example is Rhys. Rhys recently got a new Xbox and I game shared with him. I told Rhys to download overwatch first and now it is his favorite game. My second example is Rohin. Rohin has been playing for a long time now and for a long time, he has been telling me to buy the game so when he gave me 40 dollars I bought Overwatch and now it is my favorite game! My third example is Chazzy. I didn't get Chazzy into Overwatch but he played so much that he got to level 300+ but his account got banned. he still really likes Overwatch! those were only 3 people that like Overwatch there are many, many, more!